Corrections after the January 2026 system maintenance (#273)
Lumi-supercomputer/lumi-userguide: docs/software/installing/easybuild.md

install them (and also removed from the search path for `eb -S` or `eb
--search` to avoid any confusion that they might work).

??? note "EESSI software stack and its toolchains"
    EESSI will come to LUMI as part of the European Federation Platform in 2026.
    It is also based on EasyBuild. It will be possible to also install software on 
    top of EESSI using EasyBuild and the 
    [`EESSI-extend` module](https://www.eessi.io/docs/available_software/detail/EESSI-extend/) 
    that has the same function as the `EasyBuild-user` module has for the LUMI stacks.
    EESSI supports a subset of the EasyBuild toolchains (currently foss and its
    subtoolchains) and many regular EasyConfigs should build on top of EESSI.

    The LUST is not responsible for supporting EESSI though. Support will come 
    through a dedicated help desk for the European Federation Platform and 
    the LUST does not plan to do any developments on top of EESSI themselves
    as we have more upstream support options for the HPE Cray Programming 

>     Environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 
```

install them (and also removed from the search path for `eb -S` or `eb
--search` to avoid any confusion that they might work).

??? note "EESSI software stack and its toolchains"
    EESSI will come to LUMI as part of the European Federation Platform in 2026.
    It is also based on EasyBuild. It will be possible to also install software on 
    top of EESSI using EasyBuild and the 
    [`EESSI-extend` module](https://www.eessi.io/docs/available_software/detail/EESSI-extend/) 
    that has the same function as the `EasyBuild-user` module has for the LUMI stacks.
    EESSI supports a subset of the EasyBuild toolchains (currently foss and its
    subtoolchains) and many regular EasyConfigs should build on top of EESSI.

>     The LUST is not responsible for supporting EESSI though. Once EESSI is 
>     available, support will come 
>     through [the EuroHPC Federation Platform portal](https://my-eurohpc.eu/).
>     The LUST does not plan to do any developments on top of EESSI themselves
>     as we have more upstream support options for the HPE Cray Programming 
>     Environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    LUMI user support team is not responsible for supporting EESSI though. Once EESSI is 
    available, support will come 
    through [the EuroHPC Federation Platform portal](https://my-eurohpc.eu/).
    LUMI user support team does not plan to do any developments on top of EESSI ourselves
    as we have more upstream support options for the HPE Cray Programming 
    Environment.
```
